[SYCL][ESIMD][DOC] Description on ESIMD_EMULATOR backend (#5923)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_intel_esimd/README.md

Full runnable code sample can be found on the
[github repo](https://github.com/intel/llvm-test-suite/blob/intel/SYCL/ESIMD/vadd_usm.cpp).

#### ESIMD_EMULATOR backend

> Under Linux environment, ESIMD kernels can run on CPU with

Reviewer: please introduce the notion of native and emulation modes (see below)

To run on an Intel GPU device through the Level Zero backend:
> `$ SYCL_DEVICE_FILTER=level_zero:gpu ./a.out`

> To run on an ESIMD_EMULATOR backend:

Reviewer: please don't intermix Esimd emulator docs with GPU docs. I suggest to introduce a notion of modes (and later use them in the main emulator document too) - native and emulation, when execution is on GPU and CPU respectively. Then, not touching the original bullets, add a subsection for the emulator.

- `sycl::sampler` and `sycl::stream` classes

##### Other restrictions:

> - For running ESIMD kernels on actual hardware, only Intel GPU device is supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only Intel GPU device is supported in default mode. In ESIMD emulation mode device code is executed on the CPU.
```

- `sycl::sampler` and `sycl::stream` classes

##### Other restrictions:

> - Only Intel GPU device is supported in default mode. In ESIMD

Author: @kbobrovs , 'default' mode? or 'native' mode?

> - Only Intel GPU device is supported in default mode. In ESIMD

Author: @kbobrovs , 'default' mode? or 'native' mode?

Reviewer: default == native, right?

Author: This is the first place where the word 'default' shows up in this document. I wanted to make word choice consistent while you suggest introducing notion of 'native' and 'emulation' mode.
